I'm so relieved
Have you seen the faces of the brothers in history?
He was so angry that he almost had a heart attack
Oops, our family can be friends with Li Yi
You are a blessing to your family!
Those who are enlightened are more helpful
Teacher
The Xu family is the enmity of the Bai people
Die without speaking
We want to crush them.
Or will it take some time?
Hey divorced brother
What are your plans next?
Our royal family will fully cooperate with you.
The Xu family has now spent a lot of money on that land
I have no money now.
So it's not us who are in a hurry.
It was them.
Sit down
Dad, what should we do?
We took almost all our wealth
Go buy that thing
You have to relocate for the government
Now it's back for a while
Now the capital chain is broken.
Commitment to previous social membership
Can't cash in
They're going to make a fuss.
Our Xu family has collected a lot of hardships over the years.
We might as well sell it back publicly at your auction
Recover funds